Is he my biological mother?
Bring it to me.
Big brother sold Mingming to traffic for a down payment.
Let me take it personally
Give me back the gold lock
Ask for money
It turns out that my gold lock was bought by my wife
madam
I beg you, let him return the gold lock to me
That's a token that my daughter and I handed over
No matter how much you spent
I will sell it for a lifetime before returning it to you.
How to get up
Mom 20 years
I finally found you
Don't worry.
I will give you back everything that belongs to you.
No, are you?
In Jiangcheng
No one has dared to rob my Zhang family's things
Give you one last chance
Give me back the golden hand
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
But Zhang Jiafu can make a down payment on imperial transportation.
Our island village
The whole water belongs to the Zhang family
Then if we get the richest man and the gentleman
How will we live after that?
Hands are steel, hands are steel
This little brat, you do what you do
Hey folks
Don't be deceived by this girl
Richest man and sir
How could it be two babies with undried milk trees?
Is this golden lock obviously mine?
They must be pretending to be the richest man and sir
I want to cheat my golden lock
Then I abducted my daughter-in-law out of the village
Folks copy guys
See the power of Xiaodao Village